Update README to also describe the Py 3.7 and Py 3.8 images (#36)
inveniosoftware/docker-invenio: README.md

### Rolling builds

The images are rebuilt when the base images are updated.  The base image are receiving regular monthly
updates as well as emergency fixes.

## Automated builds

Automated builds are configured using [Docker Hub builds](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/builds/), with each

> push to master initating a Docker Hub build that will be tagged per the table above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
push to master initating a Docker Hub build that will be tagged according to the Python version.
```
